content/en/tracing/trace_collection/open_standards: warn about gateway deploys (#15206)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/open_standards/otel_collector_datadog_exporter.md

For Gateway deployments: 

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Datadog is incompatible with Gateway deployments which do not have a Collector agent deployed running on each application host. Such a set up will result in a broken product exprience.

Reviewer: a diagram explaining each mode would also be good to add.

> Datadog is incompatible with Gateway deployments which do not have a Collector agent deployed running on each application host. Such a set up will result in a broken product exprience.

Author: Since you have the most background here and proposed this change to begin with, I will let you take over this PR.

> Datadog is incompatible with Gateway deployments which do not have a Collector agent deployed running on each application host. Such a set up will result in a broken product exprience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog is incompatible with Gateway deployments, which do not have a Collector agent deployed running on each application host. Such a set up results in a broken product experience.
```

> Datadog is incompatible with Gateway deployments which do not have a Collector agent deployed running on each application host. Such a set up will result in a broken product exprience.

Reviewer: sure . Will take this forward.
